The other thing is, I should mention
there's a slight difference between what
we call a partial application, which is
giving a function some of its arguments
versus a curried function which
expects one argument at a time.
And those lines kind of blur.
So in a way they're kind of dual
of each other, where I say filter,
I've defined as a curried function
that will take one argument at a time.
If I never defined it up
front as a curried function,
there's a way to call filter inline
with this thing called partial.
And then you can give it some of its
arguments and it'll kind of allow you to
call uncurried functions at the time
with a partial application.
We're not gonna get too
into the details of that.
We're just gonna stick with
currying through and through.
But partial application
has the same effect.
It's just the different,
it's at the caller not the definition.
Okay, I'm throwing a lot at you right now.
As we go through the class, you'll be
using currying a little bit more and
you'll get more comfortable with it.
I'm not gonna talk about
partial application or
flip or pairs or isomorphism.
So I just wanted to kind of lead
up to why this is mathematical and
why it's practical.
And hopefully you can
gather why it's practical
with things like these functions.
So this is the code pen.
Let me know if you have
any issues getting to it.